---
subcategory: "Advanced Anti-DDoS"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_aad_frequency_control_rules"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get the list of Advanced Anti-DDos frequency control rules within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_aad_frequency_control_rules

Use this data source to get the list of Advanced Anti-DDos frequency control rules within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "domain_name" {}

data "huaweicloud_aad_frequency_control_rules" "test" {
  domain_name = var.domain_name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `domain_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the domain name.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID in UUID format.

* `items` - The frequency control rules detail.  
  The [items](#items_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="items_struct"></a>
The `items` block supports:

* `id` - The ID.

* `producer` - Indicates if the rule was generated by intelligent CC.

* `name` - The rule name.

* `url` - URL the rule applies to.

* `limit_num` - The rate limit count, unit is times. Value range `1` to `2,147,483,647`.

* `limit_period` - The rate limiting period in seconds. Value range `1` to `3,600`.

* `lock_time` - The block duration in seconds. Value range `0` to `65,535`.

* `tag_type` - The rate limiting.  
  Please refer to the document link [reference](https://support.huaweicloud.com/api-aad/ListFrequencyControlRuleV2.html)
  for values.

* `tag_index` - The user identifier, when rate limiting mode is cookie or header.

* `tag_condition` - The user identifier, when rate limiting mode is other.  
  The [tag_condition](#tag_conditions_struct) structure is documented below. .

* `action` - The action to take when the request count limit is reached.  
  The [action](#action_struct) structure is documented below. .

* `mode` - The CC rule protection mode.  
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **0**: For standard (old version; only supports domain-level path limits).
  + **1**: for advanced (new version; supports path, IP, Cookie, Header, Params field restrictions).

* `conditions` - The list of conditions for the CC rule.  
  The [conditions](#conditions_struct) structure is documented below.

* `unlock_num` - The pass frequency, in times, with a range of `0` to `2,147,483,647`.  

* `domain_aggregation` - The domain aggregation statistics.  

* `region_aggregation` - The global count.

* `captcha_lock_time` - The lock verification time.

* `grayscale_time` - Whether it takes effect in gray release.

<a name="tag_conditions_struct"></a>
The `tag_condition` block supports:

* `category` - The protection action.

* `contents` - The field content.

<a name="action_struct"></a>
The `action` block supports:

* `category` - The action type.  
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **block**: Intercept.
  + **captcha**: Captcha verification.
  + **log**: Log only.
  + **dynamic_block**: Dynamic block.

* `detail` - The block page information.  
  The [detail](#detail_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="conditions_struct"></a>
The `conditions` block supports:

* `category` - The field type.  
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **url**: URL.
  + **ip**: IPv4.
  + **ipv6**: IPv6.
  + **params**: Params.
  + **cookie**: Cookie.
  + **header**: Header.
  + **response_code**: Response code.

* `contents` - The condition list logic matching content.  
  Please refer to the document link [reference](https://support.huaweicloud.com/api-aad/ListFrequencyControlRuleV2.html)
  for values.

* `index` - The sub-field.  
  Please refer to the document link [reference](https://support.huaweicloud.com/api-aad/ListFrequencyControlRuleV2.html)
  for values.

* `logic_operation` - The condition list matching logic.  
  Please refer to the document link [reference](https://support.huaweicloud.com/api-aad/ListFrequencyControlRuleV2.html)
  for values.

<a name="detail_struct"></a>
The `detail` block supports:

* `response` - The response.  
  The [response](#response_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="response_struct"></a>
The `response` block supports:

* `content_type` - The page type.

* `content` - The page content.
