---
subcategory: "Cloud Certificate Manager (CCM)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_ccm_private_cas"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get a list of CCM private CAs.
---

# huaweicloud_ccm_private_cas

Use this data source to get a list of CCM private CAs.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_ccm_private_cas" "test" {}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the private CA name. The CAs whose names contain the `name` value will be returned.

* `status` - (Optional, String) Specifies the private CA status. Valid values are as follows:
  + **PENDING**: The CA is to be activated.
  + **ACTIVED**: The CA is activated.
  + **DISABLED**: The CA is disabled.
  + **DELETED**: The CA is to be deleted as scheduled.
  + **EXPIRED**: The CA has expired.

  The CA can issue certificates only when `status` is **ACTIVED**.

* `type` - (Optional, String) Specifies the private CA type. Valid values are as follows:
  + **ROOT**: A root CA certificate.
  + **SUBORDINATE**: A subordinate CA certificate.

* `sort_key` - (Optional, String) Specifies the sorting attribute. Valid values are as follows:
  + **create_time**: Time when the CA was created (default).
  + **common_name**: The CA name.
  + **type**: The CA type.
  + **not_after**: The CA expiration time.

* `sort_dir` - (Optional, String) Specifies the sorting sequence. Valid values are as follows:
  + **DESC**: Descending order (default).
  + **ASC**: Ascending order.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

* `cas` - The CA details.

  The [cas](#cas_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="cas_struct"></a>
The `cas` block supports:

* `expired_at` - The expiration time of the private CA, in RFC3339 format.

* `path_length` - The length of the CA path.

* `issuer_id` - The ID of the parent CA. This field is meaningless for root CAs.

* `issuer_name` - The name of the parent CA. This field is meaningless for root CAs.

* `key_algorithm` - The key algorithm.

* `serial_number` - The serial number of the private CA.

* `created_at` - The creation time of the private CA, in RFC3339 format.

* `distinguished_name` - The distinguished name of the private CA.

  The [distinguished_name](#cas_distinguished_name_struct) structure is documented below.

* `signature_algorithm` - The signature hash algorithm.

* `deleted_at` - The deletion time of the private CA, in RFC3339 format.

* `crl_configuration` - The certificate CRL configuration.

  The [crl_configuration](#cas_crl_configuration_struct) structure is documented below.

* `status` - The CA status.

* `gen_mode` - The CA generation method.
  + **GENERATE**: Generated by the PCA system.
  + **IMPORT**: Imported externally.
  + **CSR**: Issued by an internal CA with CSRs imported externally. This means the private key is not managed by PCA.

* `id` - The ID of the private CA.

* `type` - The CA type.

* `enterprise_project_id` - The enterprise project ID. Defaults to `0`.
  + For enterprise users, `0` means the resources are under the default enterprise project.
  + For non-enterprise project users, `0`  means the resources are not under an enterprise project.

* `free_quota` - The free certificate quota.

* `charging_mode` - The charge mode. Valid values are **prePaid** and **postPaid**.

<a name="cas_distinguished_name_struct"></a>
The `distinguished_name` block supports:

* `common_name` - The common name.

* `country` - The country code.

* `state` - The state or city name.

* `locality` - The country or region name.

* `organization` - The organization name.

* `organizational_unit` - The organization unit.

<a name="cas_crl_configuration_struct"></a>
The `crl_configuration` block supports:

* `valid_days` - The CRL update interval, in days.

* `crl_dis_point` - The revocation list distribution address, which is also the address of the CRL file in the OBS bucket.

* `enabled` - Whether to enable the release function of CRL.

* `crl_name` - The name of the certificate revocation list.

* `obs_bucket_name` - The OBS bucket name.
