---
subcategory: "Cloud Certificate Manager (CCM)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_ccm_private_certificates"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get a list of CCM private certificates.
---

# huaweicloud_ccm_private_certificates

Use this data source to get a list of CCM private certificates.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_ccm_private_certificates" "test" {}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name of the private certificate. The certificates whose names contain
  the `name` value will be returned.

* `status` - (Optional, String) Specifies the private certificate status. The valid values are as follows:
  + **ISSUED**: The certificate has been issued.
  + **REVOKED**: The certificate has been revoked.
  + **EXPIRED**: The certificate has expired.

* `sort_key` - (Optional, String) Specifies the sorting attribute. The valid values are as follows:
  + **create_time**: The certificate creation time (default).
  + **common_name**: The certificate name.
  + **issuer_name** The CA name.
  + **not_after**: The certificate expiration time.

* `sort_dir` - (Optional, String) Specifies the sorting sequence. The valid values are as follows:
  + **DESC**: Descending order (default).
  + **ASC**: Ascending order.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

* `certificates` - The certificate details.

  The [certificates](#certificates_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="certificates_struct"></a>
The `certificates` block supports:

* `distinguished_name` - The certificate name configuration.

  The [distinguished_name](#certificates_distinguished_name_struct) structure is documented below.

* `id` - The ID of the private certificate.

* `issuer_id` - The ID of the parent CA.

* `key_algorithm` - The key algorithm.

* `signature_algorithm` - The signature algorithm.

* `gen_mode` - The certificate generation method.
  + **GENERATE**: Generated by the PCA system.
  + **IMPORT**: Imported externally.
  + **CSR**: Issued by an internal CA with CSRs imported externally. This means the private key is not managed by PCA.

* `created_at` - The creation time of the certificate, in RFC3339 format.

* `issuer_name` - The name of the parent CA certificate.

* `start_at` - The private certificate validity start from, in RFC3339 format.

* `status` - The certificate status.

* `expired_at` - The certificate expiration time, in RFC3339 format.

* `enterprise_project_id` - The enterprise project ID. Defaults to `0`.
  + For enterprise users, `0` means the resources are under the default enterprise project.
  + For non-enterprise project users, `0`  means the resources are not under an enterprise project.

<a name="certificates_distinguished_name_struct"></a>
The `distinguished_name` block supports:

* `locality` - The country or region name.

* `organization` - The organization name.

* `organizational_unit` - The organization unit.

* `common_name` - The common certificate name.

* `country` - The country code.

* `state` - The state or city name.
