---
subcategory: "Data Encryption Workshop (DEW)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_kms_keys"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get a list of keys.
---

# huaweicloud_kms_keys

Use this data source to get a list of keys.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_kms_keys" "test" {}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `key_state` - (Optional, String) Specifies the key current status.
  The valid values are as follow:
  + **1**: Waiting for activation.
  + **2**: Enabled.
  + **3**: Disabled.
  + **4**: Schedule deletion.
  + **5**: Waiting for import.

* `key_algorithm` - (Optional, String) Specifies the key generation algorithm.
  The default value is **AES_256**. The valid values are as follow:
  + **AES_256**
  + **SM4**
  + **RSA_2048**
  + **RSA_3072**
  + **RSA_4096**
  + **EC_P256**
  + **EC_P384**
  + **SM2**
  + **ALL**

  ->  If you want to query all keys (including asymmetric keys), you need to set the parameter value to **ALL**.

* `enterprise_project_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the enterprise project ID to which the keys belong.

  -> If the enterprise project function is not enabled, you do not need to set this parameter.
  <br/>If the enterprise project function is enabled, you can set this parameter. The default value is **all**,
  indedicate query the keys under all authorized enterprise projects.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

* `keys` - The list of the keys.

  The [keys](#keys_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="keys_struct"></a>
The `keys` block supports:

* `id` - The key ID.

* `keystore_id` - The keystore ID to which the key belongs.

* `key_alias` - The key alias name.

* `key_algorithm` - The key generation algorithm.

* `key_type` - The key type.

* `key_usage` - The key usage.
  + **ENCRYPT_DECRYPT**
  + **SIGN_VERIFY**

* `key_state` - The key current status.

* `key_description` - The key description.

* `default_key_flag` - The master key identifier.
  + **1**: Default master key.
  + **0**: Non-default master key.

* `origin` - The key source.
  + **kms**: The key was generated by KMS.
  + **external**: The key was imported.

* `key_rotation_enabled` - The key rotation status.

* `enterprise_project_id` - The enterprise project ID to which the key belongs.

* `created_at` - The creation time of the key, in RFC3339 format.

* `expiration_time` - The expiration time of the key, in RFC3339 format.

* `scheduled_deletion_date` - The scheduled deletion time of the key, in RFC3339 format.
