---
subcategory: "AI Development Platform (ModelArts)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_modelarts_service_flavors"
description: ""
---

# huaweicloud_modelarts_service_flavors

Use this data source to get supported service deployment flavors of ModelArts.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_modelarts_service_flavors" "flavors" {
  is_open = true
  status  = "normal"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the data source.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `infer_type` - (Optional, String) Inference mode.  
  Value options are as follows:
    + **real-time**: A real-time service. A model is deployed as a web service and provides real-time test UI and monitoring.
    + **batch**: A batch service, which can perform inference on batch data and automatically stops after data is processed.
    + **edge**: An edge service, which uses Intelligent EdgeFabric (IEF) to deploy a model as a web service on an edge
        node created on IEF.

* `is_personal_cluster` - (Optional, Bool) Whether this flavors is supported by dedicated resource pool.
  Defaults to **false**.

* `is_open` - (Optional, Bool) Whether this flavor is open or not.  
  The default value is **true**.
  When the value is **false**, submit a service ticket to apply for the flavor.

* `status` - (Optional, String) Flavor status.  
  The options are as follows:
    + **normal**: The flavor is on-sales.
    + **sellout**: The flavor cannot be used to deploy services because it is sold out.

* `is_free` - (Optional, Bool) Whether the flavor is free of charge.  
   The value **true** indicates that the flavor is free of charge.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

* `flavors` - The list of flavors.
  The [flavors](#serviceFlavors_Flavors) structure is documented below.

<a name="serviceFlavors_Flavors"></a>
The `flavors` block supports:

* `id` - The ID of the flavor.

* `is_open` - Whether this flavor is open or not.  
  The default value is **true**.
  When the value is **false**, submit a service ticket to apply for the flavor.

* `status` - Flavor status.  
  The valid values are as follows:
    + **normal**: The flavor is on-sales.
    + **sellout**: The flavor cannot be used to deploy services because it is sold out.

* `billing_spec` - ID of the billing specifications.

* `source_type` - Model type, which can be empty or **auto**.  
  The default value is empty, indicating that the model is generated by the user.
  If the value is **auto**, the model is trained using ExeML.
  The billing mode varies depending on the model type.

* `is_free` - Whether the flavor is free of charge.  
  The value **true** indicates that the flavor is free of charge.

* `over_quota` - Whether the quota exceeds the upper limit.  
  The value **true** indicates that the quota exceeds the upper limit.

* `extend_params` - Billing item.

* `description` - Description of the flavor.
