---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_stack_instances"
description: |-
  Use this datasource to get the list of stack instances in a stack set.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_stack_instances

Use this datasource to get the list of stack instances in a stack set.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_rfs_stack_instances" "test" {
  stack_set_name = "example-stack-set"
  filter         = "stack_domain_id==stackDomainIdA|stack_domain_id==stackDomainIdB"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `stack_set_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the name of the stack set.

* `stack_set_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the unique ID of the stack set.
  This ID is generated by the Resource Formation Service when creating the stack set and is a UUID.
  For parallel development, users may want to ensure that the stack set they are operating on is the one they think it is,
  rather than a stack set with the same name created by other teammates after deletion. Therefore, using ID can achieve
  strong matching. The Resource Formation Service ensures that the ID corresponding to each created stack set is
  different, and updates will not affect the ID.
  If the provided `stack_set_id` is inconsistent with the current stack set ID, `400` will be returned.

* `filter` - (Optional, String) Specifies the filter conditions.
  + Use comma (,) to define AND operator.
  + Use vertical bar (|) to define OR operator, OR operator has higher priority than AND operator.
  + Parentheses are not supported.
  + Filter operators only support double equals (==).
  + Filter parameter names and their values only support uppercase and lowercase English, numbers, and underscores.
  + Semicolons are prohibited in filter conditions. If there are semicolons, this filter will be ignored.
  + A filter parameter can only be associated with one AND condition, and multiple OR conditions in one AND condition
    can only be associated with one filter parameter.

* `sort_key` - (Optional, String) Specifies the sort field, only supports **create_time**.

* `sort_dir` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ascending or descending order.
  The valid values are **asc** and **desc**.

* `call_identity` - (Optional, String) Specifies the call identity.
  Only supported when the stack set permission mode is **SERVICE_MANAGED**.
  Used to specify whether the user calls the stack set as an organization management account or a service delegated
  administrator in a member account. Default is **SELF**.
  Regardless of the specified user identity, the created or deployed stack set is always under the organization
  management account name. Valid values are:
  + **SELF** - Call as an organization management account.
  + **DELEGATED_ADMIN** - Call as a service delegated administrator. The user's Huawei Cloud account must be registered
    as a delegated administrator of "Resource Formation Stack Set Service" in the organization.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The datasource ID.

* `stack_instances` - The list of stack instances.

The `stack_instances` block supports:

* `stack_set_id` - The unique ID of the stack set.

* `stack_set_name` - The name of the stack set.

* `status` - The status of the stack instance.
  The valid values are:
  + **WAIT_IN_PROGRESS** - Stack instance is waiting for operation.
  + **CANCEL_COMPLETE** - Stack instance operation is cancelled and completed.
  + **OPERATION_IN_PROGRESS** - Stack instance is in operation.
  + **OPERATION_FAILED** - Stack instance operation failed.
  + **INOPERABLE** - Stack instance is inoperable.
  + **OPERATION_COMPLETE** - Stack instance operation is completed.

* `status_message` - The status message of the stack instance.
  When the stack instance status is **INOPERABLE** or **OPERATION_FAILED**, a brief error information summary will be
  displayed for debugging.

* `stack_id` - The unique ID of the stack.

* `stack_name` - The name of the stack.

* `stack_domain_id` - The domain ID of the stack instance.

* `latest_stack_set_operation_id` - The latest stack set operation ID.
  This ID is generated by the Resource Formation Service when creating the stack set operation and is a UUID.

* `region` - The region of the stack instance.

* `create_time` - The creation time of the stack instance.
  Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ, accurate to milliseconds, UTC timezone, e.g., **1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z**.

* `update_time` - The update time of the stack instance.
  Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ, accurate to milliseconds, UTC timezone, e.g., **1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z**.
