---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_private_module_versions"
description: |-
  Use this datasource to get the list of private module versions.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_private_module_versions

Use this datasource to get the list of private module versions.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_rfs_private_module_versions" "test" {
  module_name = "example-module"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `module_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the name of the private module.

* `module_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the unique ID of the private module.
  This ID is generated by the Resource Formation Service when creating the module and is a UUID.
  For parallel development, users may want to ensure that the private module they are operating on is the one they
  think it is, rather than a private module with the same name created by other teammates after deletion.
  Therefore, using ID can achieve strong matching. The Resource Formation Service ensures that the ID corresponding
  to each created private module is different, and updates will not affect the ID.
  If the provided `module_id` is inconsistent with the current module ID, `400` will be returned.

* `sort_key` - (Optional, String) Specifies the sort field, only supports **create_time**.

* `sort_dir` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ascending or descending order.
  The valid values are **asc** and **desc**.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The datasource ID.

* `versions` - The list of private module versions.

The `versions` block supports:

* `module_name` - The name of the private module.

* `module_id` - The unique ID of the private module.

* `module_version` - The version number of the module.
  The version number must follow semantic versioning (Semantic Version) and is user-defined.

* `version_description` - The description of the module version.
  Can be used by customers to identify and manage module versions. Note: module versions are immutable,
  meaning the description cannot be updated. If you need to update, please delete and recreate.

* `create_time` - The creation time of the private module version.
  Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ, accurate to milliseconds, UTC timezone, e.g., **1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z**.
