---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_execution_plan_items"
description: |-
  Use this dataSource to get the execution plan items.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_execution_plan_items

Use this dataSource to get the execution plan items.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "stack_name" {}
variable "execution_plan_name" {}

data "huaweicloud_rfs_execution_plan_items" "test" {
  stack_name          = var.stack_name
  execution_plan_name = var.execution_plan_name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `stack_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the name of the resource stack.

* `execution_plan_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the name of the execution plan.

* `stack_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the resource stack.

* `execution_plan_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the execution plan.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

* `execution_plan_items` - The list of execution plan items.

  The [execution_plan_items](#execution_plan_items_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="execution_plan_items_struct"></a>
The `execution_plan_items` block supports:

* `resource_type` - The resource type.

* `resource_name` - The resource name, which is the logical name of the resource by default.

* `index` - The index of the resource. If the user uses "count" or "for_each" in the template, the index will be returned.

* `action` - The type of resource change. Valid values are:
  + **ADD** - Add resource
  + **ADD_THEN_DELETE** - Create new resource then delete old one for non-updatable resources
  + **DELETE** - Delete resource
  + **DELETE_THEN_ADD** - Delete old resource then create new one for non-updatable resources
  + **UPDATE** - Update resource
  + **NO_OPERATION** - Only change resource dependencies without modifying the resource itself

* `action_reason` - The reason that triggers the change of the item, such as user updating the template; remote resource
  deletion, etc.

* `provider_name` - The provider name to which the item belongs.

* `mode` - The resource mode.
  The valid values are:
  + **DATA** - Resource types that can run and obtain server-side data during template parsing, without operating
    infrastructure components
  + **RESOURCE** - Infrastructure component abstractions managed by templates, which can be physical or logical resources

* `drifted` - Whether the current resource change is caused by drift.

* `imported` - Whether the current resource change is imported.

* `resource_id` - The physical ID of the resource, which is a unique ID generated by the provider, cloud service, or
  other service provider when the resource is deployed.

* `attributes` - The attributes of the execution plan item that are changed. When there are no attribute changes,
  it is an empty list.

  The [attributes](#attributes_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="attributes_struct"></a>
The `attributes` block supports:

* `name` - The name of the parameter to be modified for the current resource.

* `previous_value` - The original value of the parameter modified for the current resource.
  If it is a resource creation scenario, the `previous_value` is empty.
  If the remote resource has drift, the same resource will return two ExecutionPlanItems, one with "drifted=true" and
  the other with "drifted=false".
  + For "drifted=true", the `previous_value` is the resource attribute and state maintained in the resource stack.
  + For "drifted=false", the `previous_value` is the resource attribute and state returned after the provider requests
    the remote resource.If the remote resource has no drift, only one ExecutionPlanItem with "drifted=false" will be returned.
  + For "drifted=false", the `previous_value` is the resource attribute and state maintained in the resource stack.

* `target_value` - The target value of the parameter modified for the current resource.
  If it is a resource deletion scenario, the `target_value` is empty.
  If the remote resource has drift, the same resource will return two ExecutionPlanItems, one with "drifted=true" and
  the other with "drifted=false".
  + For "drifted=true", the `target_value` is the resource attribute and state returned after the provider requests the
    remote resource.
  + For "drifted=false", the `target_value` is the resource attribute and state based on user template updates.
    If the remote resource has no drift, only one ExecutionPlanItem with "drifted=false" will be returned.
  + For "drifted=false", the `target_value` is the resource attribute and state based on user template updates.
