---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_stack_set_operation_metadata"
description: |-
  Use this datasource to get the metadata of a stack set operation.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_stack_set_operation_metadata

Use this datasource to get the metadata of a stack set operation.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_rfs_stack_set_operation_metadata" "test" {
  stack_set_name         = "example-stack-set"
  stack_set_operation_id = "example-operation-id"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `stack_set_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the name of the stack set.

* `stack_set_operation_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the unique ID of the stack set operation.

* `stack_set_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the unique ID of the stack set.
  This ID is generated by the Resource Formation Service when creating the stack set and is a UUID.
  For team parallel development, users may want to ensure that the current stack set I operate is the one I think it is,
  rather than the stack set with the same name created by other teammates after deletion.
  Therefore, using the ID can achieve strong matching.
  The Resource Formation Service ensures that the IDs corresponding to each created stack set are different, and updates
  will not affect the ID. If the given `stack_set_id` is inconsistent with the current stack set ID, `400` will be returned.

* `call_identity` - (Optional, String) Specifies the identity used to call the stack set.
  Only supported when the stack set permission mode is **SERVICE_MANAGED**.
  Used to specify whether the user calls the stack set as an organization management account or a member account service
  delegated administrator. The default is **SELF**.
  Regardless of the specified user identity, the created or deployed stack set is always under the organization
  management account. Valid values are:
  + **SELF** - Call as an organization management account.
  + **DELEGATED_ADMIN** - Call as a service delegated administrator. The user's Huawei Cloud account must be registered
    as a delegated administrator of the "Resource Orchestration Stack Set Service" in the organization.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The datasource ID.

* `status` - The status of the stack set operation.
  Possible values: **QUEUE_IN_PROGRESS**, **OPERATION_IN_PROGRESS**, **OPERATION_COMPLETE**, **OPERATION_FAILED**,
  **STOP_IN_PROGRESS**, **STOP_COMPLETE**, and **STOP_FAILED**.

* `status_message` - The failure reason of the stack set operation.

* `action` - The user's current operation.
  Possible values: **CREATE_STACK_INSTANCES**, **DELETE_STACK_INSTANCES**, **DEPLOY_STACK_SET**,
  **DEPLOY_STACK_INSTANCES**, and **UPDATE_STACK_INSTANCES**.

* `administration_agency_name` - The name of the administration agency.

* `administration_agency_urn` - The URN of the administration agency.

* `managed_agency_name` - The name of the managed agency.

* `create_time` - The creation time of the stack set operation.
  Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ, accurate to milliseconds, UTC time zone, e.g., **1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z**.

* `update_time` - The update time of the stack set operation.
  Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ, accurate to milliseconds, UTC time zone, e.g., **1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z**.

* `deployment_targets` - The deployment target information.

  The [deployment_targets](#deployment_targets_struct) structure is documented below.

* `operation_preferences` - The deployment preferences of the stack set operation.

  The [operation_preferences](#operation_preferences_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="deployment_targets_struct"></a>
The `deployment_targets` block supports:

* `regions` - List of regions specified by the user for the stack set operation.

* `domain_ids` - List of tenant IDs involved in this operation specified by the user when the stack set permission model
  is **SELF_MANAGED**.

* `domain_ids_uri` - The OBS address of the file containing the tenant ID content involved in this operation specified
  by the user when the stack set permissionmodel is **SELF_MANAGED**.

* `organizational_unit_ids` - List of Organizational Unit (OU) IDs, only allowed to be specified when the stack set
  permission model is **SERVICE_MANAGED**.

* `domain_id_filter_type` - The tenant ID filter type, only supported when the stack set permission model is
  **SERVICE_MANAGED**. Possible values: **NONE**, **INTERSECTION**, **DIFFERENCE**, and **UNION**.

<a name="operation_preferences_struct"></a>
The `operation_preferences` block supports:

* `region_concurrency_type` - The execution strategy of regions when deploying stack instances.
  Possible values: **SEQUENTIAL**, and **PARALLEL**.

* `region_order` - The deployment order of regions.

* `failure_tolerance_count` - The number of failed stack instances allowed per region.

* `failure_tolerance_percentage` - The percentage of failed stack instances allowed per region.

* `max_concurrent_count` - The maximum number of accounts that can be deployed simultaneously per region.

* `max_concurrent_percentage` - The maximum percentage of accounts that can be deployed simultaneously per region.

* `failure_tolerance_mode` - The failure tolerance mode of stack set operation deployment.
  Possible values: **STRICT_FAILURE_TOLERANCE**, **SOFT_FAILURE_TOLERANCE**.
