---
subcategory: "Deprecated"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_dms_group"
description: ""
---

# huaweicloud_dms_group

Manages a DMS group in the huaweicloud DMS Service.

-> **NOTE:** Distributed Message Service (Shared Edition) has withdrawn. Please use DMS for Kafka instead.

## Example Usage

### Automatically detect the correct network

```hcl
resource "huaweicloud_dms_queue" "queue_1" {
  name              = "queue_1"
  description       = "test create dms queue"
  queue_mode        = "FIFO"
  redrive_policy    = "enable"
  max_consume_count = 80
}

resource "huaweicloud_dms_group" "group_1" {
  name     = "group_1"
  queue_id = huaweicloud_dms_queue.queue_1.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Indicates the unique name of a group. A string of 1 to 64 characters that
  contain a-z, A-Z, 0-9, hyphens (-), and underscores (_). The name cannot be modified once specified.

* `queue_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Indicates the ID of a specified queue.

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) The region in which to create the DMS group resource. If omitted, the
  provider-level region will be used. Changing this creates a new DMS group resource.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Specifies a resource ID in UUID format.
* `queue_id` - Indicates the ID of a queue.
* `redrive_policy` - Indicates whether to enable dead letter messages.
* `produced_messages` - Indicates the total number of messages (not including the messages that have expired and been
  deleted) in a queue.
* `consumed_messages` - Indicates the total number of messages that are successfully consumed.
* `available_messages` - Indicates the accumulated number of messages that can be consumed.
* `produced_deadletters` - Indicates the total number of dead letter messages generated by the consumer group.
* `available_deadletters` - Indicates the accumulated number of dead letter messages that have not been consumed.
