---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_stack_rollback"
description: |-
  Manages a resource to trigger stack rollback within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_stack_rollback

Manages a resource to trigger stack rollback within HuaweiCloud.

-> This resource is a one-time action resource used to trigger stack rollback. Deleting this resource will
  not cancel the rollback operation, but will only remove the resource information from the tf state file.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "stack_name" {}
variable "stack_id" {}

resource "huaweicloud_rfs_stack_rollback" "test" {
  stack_name = var.stack_name
  stack_id   = var.stack_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `stack_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the name of the stack to rollback.

* `stack_id` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the unique ID of the stack.
  This ID is generated by Resource Formation Service when creating the resource stack and is a UUID.
  Using the ID ensures strong matching to avoid operating on the wrong stack when teammates delete and recreate
  stacks with the same name.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID, same as `stack_name`.

* `deployment_id` - The unique deployment ID generated by the rollback operation.
  This ID is generated by Resource Formation Service and can be used to query the deployment status.
