---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_execution_plan_v2"
description: |-
  Manages a RFS execution plan v2 resource within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_execution_plan_v2

Manages a RFS execution plan v2 resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "stack_name" {}
variable "execution_plan_name" {}
variable "template_body" {}
variable "vars_body" {}

resource "huaweicloud_rfs_execution_plan_v2" "test" {
  stack_name          = var.stack_name
  execution_plan_name = var.execution_plan_name
  template_body       = var.template_body
  vars_body           = var.vars_body
  description         = "test execution plan"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region where the resource is located.  
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Change this parameter will create a new resource.

* `stack_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the name of the resource stack.

* `execution_plan_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the name of the execution plan.

* `stack_id` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the unique ID of the resource stack. This ID is generated by
  RFS when the stack is created and is a UUID. Using the stack ID ensures strong matching to avoid operating on the
  wrong stack when multiple stacks have the same name.

* `template_body` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the HCL template. It describes the target status of a
  resource. RFS compares the differences between the statuses of this template and the current remote resources.

  -> `template_body` cannot contain any sensitive information. RFS directly uses, logs, displays, and stores the
  corresponding template_body in plaintext. If the information is sensitive, you are advised to use vars_structure
  to change the information to a variable and set the encryption field to enable encrypted transmission.

* `template_uri` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the OBS address of an HCL template. The template describes
  the target status of a resource. RFS compares the differences between the statuses of this template and the current
  remote resources. Ensure that the OBS address is located in the same region as the RFS.
  The corresponding file must be a tf file or a zip package.
  A pure tf file must end with ".tf" or ".tf.json" and comply with the HCL syntax.
  Currently, only the ".zip" package is supported. The file name extension must be ".zip". The decompressed file cannot
  contain the ".tfvars" file and must be encoded in UTF8 format (the ".tf.json" file cannot contain the BOM header).
  The ".zip" package supports a maximum of `100` subfiles.

  -> 1. The template file corresponds to `template_uri` cannot contain any sensitive information. RFS directly uses,
  logs, displays, and stores the content of the template file in plaintext. If the information is sensitive, you are
  advised to use `vars_structure` to change the information to a variable and set the encryption field to enable
  encrypted transmission.
  <br/>2. If the template file corresponding to `template_uri` is of zip type, the length of the internal file or folder
  name must not exceed `255` bytes, the length of the deepest path must not exceed `2,048` bytes, and the size of the
  zip package must not exceed `1` MB.

-> Either `template_body` or `template_uri` must be specified but they both cannot be specified together.

* `description` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the description of the execution plan. This helps customers
  identify their execution plans.

* `vars_structure` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the HCL variable structure. Transferring variables is
  supported by the HCL template. The same template can use different variables for different purposes.
  + `var_structure` allows string variables.
  + RFS supports `vars_structure`, `vars_body`, and `vars_uri`. If they declare the same variable, error code `400` will
    be reported.
  + `vars_structure` only supports string variables. To use variables of other types, you need to convert them in HCL
    reference. Alternatively, you can use `vars_uri` and `vars_body`, which support various types and complex structures
    supported by HCL.
  + The maximum number of items in `vars_structure` is `100`, If `vars_structure` is too large, you can use `vars_uri`.
  + Note: `vars_structure` cannot contain any sensitive information. RFS directly uses, logs, displays, and stores the
    corresponding vars in plaintext. If the information is sensitive, you are advised to set the encryption field.

  The [vars_structure](#vars_structure_struct) object is documented below.

* `vars_body` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the content of the HCL variable file. Transferring variables
  is supported by the HCL template. The same template can use different variables for different purposes.
  + The `vars_body` uses the tfvars format of HCL. You can submit the content in the ".tfvars" file to the `vars_body`.
  + RFS supports `vars_structure`, `vars_body`, and `vars_uri`. If they declare the same variable, error code `400` will
    be reported.
  + The maximum length of `vars_body` is `51,200` bytes. If `vars_body` is too large, you can use `vars_uri`.
  + If the content in vars is simple strings, you can use `var_structure`.
  + `vars_body` cannot contain any sensitive information. RFS directly uses, logs, displays, and stores the corresponding
    vars in plaintext. If the information is sensitive, you are advised to use `vars_structure` and set the encryption
    field for transmission.

* `vars_uri` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the OBS address of the HCL parameter file. Transferring
  variables is supported by the HCL template. The same template can use different variables for different purposes.
  Ensure that the OBS address is located in the same region as the RFS.
  + The maximum length of `vars_uri` is `2,048` bytes, and the HCL variable file referenced by `vars_uri` can have a
    maximum size of `1` MB.
  + RFS supports `vars_structure`, `vars_body`, and `vars_uri`. If they declare the same variable, error code `400` will
    be reported.
  + The content in `vars_uri` uses the tfvars format of HCL. You can save the content in ".tfvars" to a file, upload the
    file to OBS, and transfer the pre-signed URL of OBS to `vars_uri`.
  + `vars_uri` cannot contain any sensitive information. RFS directly uses, logs, displays, and stores the corresponding
    vars in plaintext. If the information is sensitive, you are advised to use `vars_structure` and set the encryption
    field for transmission.

<a name="vars_structure_struct"></a>
The `vars_structure` block supports:

* `var_key` - (Required, String) Specifies the parameter name.

* `var_value` - (Required, String) Specifies the parameter value.

* `encryption` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the encryption configuration if the parameter value is
  already encrypted. Currently only KMS encryption is supported.

  The [encryption](#encryption_struct) object is documented below.

<a name="encryption_struct"></a>
The `encryption` block supports:

* `kms` - (Required, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the KMS encryption configuration.

  The [kms](#kms_struct) object is documented below.

<a name="kms_struct"></a>
The `kms` block supports:

* `id` - (Required, String) Specifies the KMS key ID to be used for decryption.

* `cipher_text` - (Required, String) Specifies the ciphertext corresponding to the data encryption key.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID (also `execution_plan_name`).

* `execution_plan_id` - The unique ID of the execution plan, generated by RFS when the execution plan is created.

* `vars_uri_content` - The content of the file referenced by `vars_uri`.

* `status` - The status of the execution plan. Possible values:
  + **CREATION_IN_PROGRESS**: Being created, please wait
  + **CREATION_FAILED**: Creation failed, check `status_message` for error details
  + **AVAILABLE**: Creation completed, can call ApplyExecutionPlan API for execution
  + **APPLY_IN_PROGRESS: Being executed
  + **APPLIED**: Already executed

* `status_message` - Brief error message summary when the execution plan status is `CREATION_FAILED`.

* `create_time` - The creation time of the execution plan, in RFC3339 format (yyyy-mm-ddTHH:MM:SSZ),
  such as **1970-01-01T00:00:00Z**.

* `apply_time` - The execution time of the execution plan, in RFC3339 format (yyyy-mm-ddTHH:MM:SSZ),
  such as **1970-01-01T00:00:00Z**.

* `summary` - The summary information of the execution plan results. This is only returned when the status is
  `AVAILABLE`, `APPLY_IN_PROGRESS`, or `APPLIED`.
  
  The [summary](#summary_struct) object is documented below.

<a name="summary_struct"></a>
The `summary` block supports:

* `resource_add` - The number of resources to be added.

* `resource_update` - The number of resources to be updated.

* `resource_delete` - The number of resources to be deleted.

* `resource_import` - The number of resources to be imported.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following timeouts configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 10 minutes.

## Import

Execution plans can be imported using `stack_name` and `execution_plan_name` separated by a slash, e.g.

```bash
$ terraform import huaweicloud_rfs_execution_plan_v2.test <stack_name>/<execution_plan_name>
```

Note that the imported state may not be identical to your resource definition, due to some attributes missing from the
API response. The missing attributes include: `template_body`, `template_uri`, and `vars_uri`.
It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing a resource. You can then decide if changes should
be applied to the resource, or the resource definition should be updated to align with the resource. Also you can ignore
changes as below.

```hcl
resource "huaweicloud_rfs_execution_plan_v2" "test" {
  ...

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [
      template_body,
      template_uri,
      vars_uri,
    ]
  }
}
```
