---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_template"
description: |- 
  Manages a RFS template resource within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_template

Manages a RFS template resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "template_name" {}
variable "template_description" {}
variable "version_description" {}

resource "huaweicloud_rfs_template" "test" {
  template_name        = var.template_name
  template_description = var.template_description
  version_description  = var.version_description 
  template_body        = <<-EOF
variable "vpc_name" {
  type    = string
  default = "my-vpc"
}

resource "huaweicloud_vpc" "vpc" {
  name = var.vpc_name
  cidr = "172.16.0.0/16"
}
EOF
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource. If omitted, the
  provider-level region will be used. Changing this will create a new resource.

* `template_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the template name. The name must be unique and can
  contain only letters, digits, hyphens (-), and underscores (_).

* `template_body` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the Terraform template body. This field
  and `template_uri` are mutually exclusive, one of them must be specified. The template body must be a valid Terraform
  configuration in HCL format.

* `template_uri` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the OBS URL where the Terraform template is stored. This
  field and `template_body` are mutually exclusive, one of them must be specified. The corresponding file should be a
  pure Terraform file or a ZIP archive:
  + For pure Terraform files, the file name must end with `.tf` or `.tf.json` and comply with HCL syntax.
  + For archives, only ZIP format is supported. The file name must end with `.zip`. After decompression, the archive
    must not contain `.tfvars` files.

* `version_description` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the description of the initial template version.

* `template_description` - (Optional, String) Specifies the template description.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID (also `template_name`).

* `template_id` - The unique ID of the template, randomly generated by the template service.

* `create_time` - The time when the template was created, in RFC3339 format (yyyy-mm-ddTHH:MM:SSZ),
  such as **1970-01-01T00:00:00Z**.

* `update_time` - The time when the template was last updated, in RFC3339 format (yyyy-mm-ddTHH:MM:SSZ),
  such as **1970-01-01T00:00:00Z**.

* `latest_version_id` - The ID of the latest template version.

* `latest_version_description` - The description of the latest template version.

## Import

The template can be imported using their `template_name`, e.g.

```bash
$ terraform import huaweicloud_rfs_template.test <template_name>
```

Note that the imported state may not be identical to your resource definition, due to some attributes missing from the
API response. The missing attributes include `template_body`, `template_uri` and `version_description`. It is generally
recommended running `terraform plan` after importing a resource. You can then decide if changes should be applied to the
resource, or the resource definition should be updated to align with the resource. Also you can ignore changes as below.

```hcl
resource "huaweicloud_rfs_template" "test" {
  ...

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [
      template_body,
      template_uri,
      version_description,
    ]
  }
}
```
