---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_continue_deploy_stack"
description: |-
  Manages a resource to continue deploying an RFS stack within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_continue_deploy_stack

Manages a resource to continue deploying an RFS stack within HuaweiCloud.

-> This resource is a one-time action resource used to continue deploying the resource stack.
Deleting this resource will not undo the operation of continuing to deploy the resource stack,
but will only remove the resource information from the tfstate file.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "stack_name" {} 
variable "stack_id" {}

resource "huaweicloud_rfs_continue_deploy_stack" "test" {
  stack_name = var.stack_name
  stack_id   = var.stack_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region where the resource is located.  
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Change this parameter will create a new resource.

* `stack_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the name of the resource stack.

* `stack_id` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the unique ID of the resource stack. This ID is generated by
  RFS when the stack is created and is a UUID. Using the stack ID ensures strong matching to avoid operating on the
  wrong stack when multiple stacks have the same name.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID (also `deployment_id`).

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following timeouts configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
