---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_private_provider"
description: |-
  Manages a RFS private provider resource within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_private_provider

Manages a RFS private provider resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "provider_name" {}
variable "function_graph_urn" {}

resource "huaweicloud_rfs_private_provider" "test" {
  provider_name      = var.provider_name
  function_graph_urn = var.function_graph_urn
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region where the resource is located.  
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Change this parameter will create a new resource.

* `provider_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the name of a private provider. The name is unique within
  its domain and region. Only lowercase letters, digits, and hyphens (-) are allowed.

  -> 1. According to HCL best practices, this name is recommended to be the local name (local_name) of the provider
  defined in the template.
  <br/>2. The Create Private Provider API will also use "huawei.com/private-provider" as a fixed prefix and return the
  `provider_source` field in the form of "huawei.com/private-provider/{provider_name}". For detailed information on the
  use of the `provider_name` and `provider_source` fields in the template, please refer to the API description for
  creating a private provider.

* `function_graph_urn` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the URN of the FunctionGraph function used to run
  the private provider. Only a function in the same region as RFS is supported.  
  For a detailed explanation of this parameter,
  please refer to [documentation](https://support.huaweicloud.com/api-functiongraph/functiongraph_06_0102.html).

* `provider_description` - (Optional, String) Specifies the description of a private provider.

* `provider_version` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the provider version number. The version number must
  follow semantic versioning.

* `version_description` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the description of a private provider version.

* `provider_agency_urn` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the IAM agency URN bound to the custom provider.

* `provider_agency_name` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the IAM agency name bound to the custom provider.
  
-> `provider_agency_urn` and `provider_agency_name` cannot be set together, only one can be set.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID (also `provider_name`).

* `provider_id` - The unique ID of a private provider. This ID is generated by the resource orchestration service when
  generating the provider and is a UUID.

* `provider_source` - The source parameter that users need to specify when defining the required providers information
  in Terraform templates using private providers.

  -> This parameter is concatenated in the form of "huawei.com/private-provider/{provider_name}". For detailed
  information on the use of the `provider_name` and `provider_source` fields in the template, please refer to the API
  description for creating a private provider.

* `create_time` - The creation time of a private provider. It is represented in UTC format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ),
  such as **1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z**.

* `update_time` - The update time of a private provider. It is represented in UTC format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ),
  such as **1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z**.

## Import

Private provider can be imported using the `provider_name`, e.g.

```bash
$ terraform import huaweicloud_rfs_private_provider.test <provider_name>
```

Note that the imported state may not be identical to your resource definition, due to some attributes missing from the
API response. The missing attributes include: `function_graph_urn`, `provider_version`, and `version_description`.
It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing a resource. You can keep the resource the same with
its definition by choosing any of them to update. Also, you can ignore changes as below.

```hcl
resource "huaweicloud_rfs_private_provider" "test" {
  ...

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [
      function_graph_urn,
      provider_version,
      version_description,
    ]
  }
}
```
