---
subcategory: "Resource Formation (RFS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rfs_private_module"
description: |-
  Manages a RFS private module resource within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_rfs_private_module

Manages a RFS private module resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "huaweicloud_rfs_private_module" "test" {
  module_name        = "test-module-name"
  module_version     = "1.2.2"
  module_description = "test module description"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region where the resource is located.  
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Change this parameter will create a new resource.

* `module_name` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the name of a private module. The name is unique within its
  domain and region.
  Only letters, digits, underscores (_), and hyphens (-) are allowed. It is case-sensitive and must start with a letter.

* `module_version` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the module version number.
  Each version number can be defined by following the semantic versioning format.

* `module_uri` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the address for accessing the module package in OBS.
  Modules allow you to bundle reusable code together.
  The OBS address can be accessed across regions of the same type. Regions are classified into universal regions and
  dedicated regions. A universal region provides universal cloud services for common tenants. A dedicated region provides
  specific services for specific tenants.
  The module package must be ZIP-formatted. To ensure the validity of the module package, the module package:
  + Cannot contain files whose names end with ".tfvars".
  + Cannot exceed 1 MB in size before and after decompression.
  + Cannot contain more than 100 files.
  + Cannot contain file paths starting with a forward slash (/).
  + Disallow spaces (" "), single periods ("."), or double periods ("..") between separators in file paths.
  + Allow each file path to be up to 2048 characters long.
  + Allow each file name to be up to 255 characters long.
  + Must include at least one template file (whose name ends with ".tf" or ".tf.json").

  -> Modules do not support encryption for sensitive data. The module package associated with the module_uri is used,
     logged, displayed, and stored in plaintext by RFS.

* `version_description` - (Optional, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the description of a module version. It serves as
  an identifier for you to recognize and manage module versions.
  Note: A module version is immutable and cannot have its description updated. You can only delete the current version
  and create another one with the desired description.

* `module_description` - (Optional, String) Specifies the description of a private module. It serves as
  an identifier for you to recognize managed private modules.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID (also `module_name`).

* `module_id` - The unique ID of a private module. It is a UUID generated by RFS when a module is created.

* `create_time` - The creation time of a private module. It is represented in UTC format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ),
  such as **1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z**.

* `update_time` - The update time of a private module. It is represented in UTC format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ),
  such as **1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z**.

## Import

Private modules can be imported using their `module_name`, e.g.

```bash
$ terraform import huaweicloud_rfs_private_module.test <module_name>
```

Note that the imported state may not be identical to your resource definition, due to some attributes missing from the
API response. The missing attributes include: `module_version`, `module_uri` and `version_description`.
It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing a resource. You can keep the resource the same with
its definition by choosing any of them to update. Also you can ignore changes as below.

```hcl
resource "huaweicloud_rfs_private_module" "test" {
  ...

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [
      module_version,
      module_uri,
      version_description,
    ]
  }
}
```
