---
subcategory: "Video on Demand (VOD)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_vod_media_category"
description: ""
---

# huaweicloud_vod_media_category

Manages a VOD media category resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "huaweicloud_vod_media_category" "test" {
  name = "terraform-test"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource. If omitted, the
  provider-level region will be used. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `name` - (Required, String) Specifies the category name, which contains a maximum of `64` characters.

* `parent_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the parent category ID. If this parameter is left blank,
  the root category is generated by default. The root category ID is "0". Changing this creates a new resource.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the category.

* `children` - The json string of subcategory information. It supports up to `3` levels of categories,
  and each category supports up to 128 subcategories.

## Import

The category can be imported using the `id`, e.g.

```bash
$ terraform import huaweicloud_vod_media_category.test 132945
```

Note that the imported state may not be identical to your resource definition, due to some attributes missing from the
API response, security or some other reason. The missing attributes include: `parent_id`.
It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing a media category.
You can then decide if changes should be applied to the media category, or the resource
definition should be updated to align with the media category. Also you can ignore changes as below.

```hcl
resource "huaweicloud_vod_media_category" "test" {
    ...
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [
      parent_id,
    ]
  }
}
```
